# MLflow-Prefect

The repository discusses on how to build, track and orchestrate end-to-end machine learning pipelines using MLflow, Hyperopt, and Prefect.

- MLflow is a platform for managing the entire machine learning lifecycle, from experiment tracking to model deployment. 

- Hyperopt is a library for hyperparameter optimization, which can help you to find the best hyperparameters for your machine learning models. 

- Prefect is a workflow management tool that can help you to automate your machine learning pipelines.

Install the libraries using this command

`pip install mlflow prefect hyperopt`

## Step 1: Launch a mlflow server

To launch a mlflow server use this command `mlflow server --backend-store-uri sqlite:///backend.db --default-artifact-root ./mlruns`

- --backend-store-uri sqlite:///backend.db: specifies the backend store URI where the MLflow server should persist metadata related to experiments, runs, parameters, metrics, and artifacts. In this case, the backend store uses an SQLite database file named backend.db.
- --default-artifact-root ./mlruns: specifies the default artifact store location where the MLflow server should store artifacts generated by runs. In this case, the default artifact store location is the ./mlruns directory relative to the current working directory.

## Step 2: Launch a prefect server

To launch a prefect server use this command `prefect server start`

The Prefect Server is a central daemon that provides a variety of features for managing and executing Prefect flows.

Learn more about flows at: https://docs.prefect.io/2.13.7/concepts/flows/